Hey, guys, welcome back.
So this is a question that's usually asked on an Amazon interview, and they usually ask this during
the phone interviews because it's a pretty simple one and they really want to just get to know if you
know your data structures well.
So this cushion is called to some.
And the question is, given an array of integers return indices of the two numbers such that they add
up to a specific target.
You may assume that each input would have exactly one solution and you may not use the same element
twice.
So let's say in the given example, so we have an array of integers to seven, 11, 15, and the target
is nine.
So how do we get nine?
We would have to add seven and two together to make it nine.
And we need to turn the indices.
So we need to return zero and one.
It's pretty simple, so let's get to Cody.
OK, so in this function, we will create a loop through the numbers and stored into a map.
The number has a number as a key and the value as an index.
So MAP is a data structure which allows to associate data to a key.
And let me show you, there is a website so you can get a full understanding.
OK, so this website shows you that the map is a JavaScript data structure, and right here you can
see it's a data structure which allows to associate data to a key.
And before iOS six was introduced, the map is so sorry.
So E six actually introduce the map data structure to the world along with set.
But before its introduction, people generally used objects as maps by associating some object or value
to a specific table.
So let's say car is an object and car of color is equal and the value is equal to red.
But now we have map.
So let's look at that.
OK, so that would be.
Let nameless people new map.
So this pretty much is where we're going to store all the numbers that we look through.
OK, so next, we're going to look through all the numbers for.
That I equal zero.
I is less than NOM's darkland.
I was Flip's.
OK, so next, we want to store the current number.
So.
Earned.
No.
So now we have the current number that we're all in this.
OK, and then let me write this consed compliment.
Target.
Minus current now.
So what we're doing is here is that so if the target, let's say, was five.
The target was five.
And so pretty much we want to get five and the current number, current number wrong is the street.
So what do we need to get to five?
We need to.
So how can we do that, we can do target, which is five, and since we are we are right now on three,
which is the current number, all we have to do is target.
Minus the car number, which is five five, minus three or two, so we're looking for two, which is
our that's our story it as a compliment.
So next, we're going to check if.
No.
So pretty much different map as to how we get the number, how we check the number number we use has
a has this complement that we're looking for.
That all we're going to do is we're going to return.
In an area, the indexes, so first we're going to return numbers don't get so that's how we get the
index because the value is index and the key is the number.
So compliment.
So a compliment would be.
In this case, it would be, too, so we're trying to get the number two and this one again to return
the index for us to comma and we won't return fire because the current number we're on.
Is let's say it's three, so now we have all the numbers and we turn it and that's it, but if that
if that number is not in the math
and here we're just going to add it to the map.
So, no, don't set.
Our number.
No, and index, so index, so the number, the number is the key and the index is the value.
And that's pretty much it.
Let me run this.
So I made a mistake, a silly mistake right here instead of making the.
Parentheses, and that's pretty much accurate.
And then when I click on.
You can see that it's been accepted.
And your input was the target was nine, so what we needed was index of zero and one.
And that was expected.
So that's pretty much it, very simple, and I advise my students to listen to this lecture a couple
of times and it will eventually start making sense.
Also, try to write the problem yourself and it would make even more sense after that.
This is all for now.
Let me know if you have any questions and join me on the next one.
Good luck.